when we are still only in the third
day of the championship santiago
bernabéu will welcome this Saturday the
first direct duel of the season in
the fight for the title an exciting
Madrid derby with many accounts
slopes
nothing more and nothing less than the reissue
of the last final of the league of
champions and already the third showdown
of the course between Real Madrid and
athletic after the supercopa dispute
that fell from the mattress side
a real match to which the team
by carlo ancelotti arrives with some
doubts after the disaster suffered in
anoeta just before the league break
the negative team of all possible not
we have been good with a 0-2 after not
we can go a game of this
way you have to take defeat the
blame learn from today's mistakes
we have started the season and it is clear
that everything to correct
but of course we welcome
attitude and it 's the way we have to
continue because we got a very shield
important in the chest I think this
is not the example we have to give to the
rest of the world
the defeat in anoeta and the four goals
embedded by boxes have reopened the
debate around the white goal and
one of the reinforcements of the merengue team
for this campaign the international
Costa Rican keylor navas continues
waiting for the first opportunity
ancelotti in official match
with whom the technician has no doubts
Italian is with a ronaldo Christian who
almost certainly will be in
conditions of playing after losing the
encounter before the real society the crack
Portuguese has been a real scourge
for the athletic in the last
seasons having scored up to 13
goals in his 16 matches with the
rojiblancos in all competitions
and if Real Madrid reaches the derby after
to fall defeated in the last day the
athletic or I also experience it much worse
the expected before the eibar although
finally he could add the three points in
game
a triumph of the men of simeone
cemented once again in the actions to
stopped ball just one of the facets
of the game in which Madrid suffers the most
as it became clear again in
anoeta and therefore one of the
aspects to be taken into account in the face of
this derby
good we stand our strong
a league like this could define many
matches to put more more tension
they are more aware of this play
is a reality and what we have to
to do is to be more attentive than we are
all guilty not only those who are in
the back but the whole team
because we send an email to all
in the game against eibar the new
man's goal of the athletic or the ex's
bayern mario man djukic scored his first
diana in this league bbva
the Croatian however had already premiered
your official locker just before
the madrid for the goal that gave him the
supercopa from spain to athletic although
for simeone that shock does not serve as
internal reference are competencies
different in supercopa knows that it is a
eliminator and the league is a tournament
long
we are aware that we have to
improve we are aware that there is
to work
the derby will also have on this occasion
the added attraction of two possible
debuts at madrid javier 'el
chicharito Hernandez
she scored at her official premiere with her
two previous clubs chivas of
Guadalajara and Manchester United can
have your first minutes as
madridista
exactly the same as the last
Athletic or Italian reinforcement
alessio church and another one that could debut
in the best possible scenario
a spectacular Madrid derby in which
both teams want to start
submit your candidacy for the title